.. Copyright (C) 2015, Cyb3rhq, Inc.

.. meta::
  :description: Get answers to the most frequently asked questions about the Cyb3rhq Cloud in this FAQ. Explore the potential of the Cyb3rhq Cloud service.

.. _cloud_getting-started_starting_faq:

Cloud service FAQ
=================

.. meta::
  :description: Get answers to the most frequently asked questions about the Cyb3rhq Cloud in this FAQ. What is Cyb3rhq Cloud, how to start your free trial, is Cyb3rhq PCI DSS compliant, and more. 



- `What is Cyb3rhq Cloud?`_

- `Can I try it for free?`_

- `Will I be charged when my trial is over?`_
  
- `Is it PCI DDS compliant?`_

- `Is it SOC 2 compliant?`_

- `How can I get support?`_

- `Where is Cyb3rhq Cloud hosted?`_

- `What is a profile?`_

- `What is a setting?`_

- `What is the indexed data?`_

- `What is the archive data?`_

- `What is a tier?`_

- `What happens if the tier limit is reached?`_

- `What happens if the indexed data capacity setting is reached?`_

- `How is indexed data rotated?`_

- `What happens if the average/peak EPS is exceeded?`_

- `Can I cancel at any time?`_
  
What is Cyb3rhq Cloud?
--------------------

Cyb3rhq Cloud provides a comprehensive solution by hosting and managing all Cyb3rhq components within a single integrated platform. Cyb3rhq cloud allows you to create your environment and enroll Cyb3rhq agents. By leveraging Cyb3rhq, you gain access to security capabilities, including Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) and Extended Detection and Response (XDR).


Can I try it for free?
----------------------

Yes, Cyb3rhq provides a free trial to create a cloud environment and access the Cyb3rhq Cloud service. You can :ref:`sign up for a 14-day free trial <cloud_sign_up>`, and no credit card information is required to complete this process.


Will I be charged when my trial is over?
----------------------------------------

No, Cyb3rhq does not request credit card information to start your trial. Charges are only applied if you keep using the service beyond the trial period.

Is it PCI DDS compliant?
------------------------

Yes, the Cyb3rhq Cloud platform is validated as PCI DSS Level 1 Service Provider compliant.

Is it SOC 2 compliant?
----------------------

Yes, the Cyb3rhq Cloud platform is compliant with SOC 2 standards.

.. _cloud_getting-started_support:

How can I get support?
----------------------

Every environment includes support after the first payment. You can contact the Cyb3rhq team anytime through the Help section on your Cyb3rhq Cloud Console. You can also fill out `this form <https://cyb3rhq.com/cyb3rhq-cloud-info/>`_ to get help from the Cyb3rhq team.

Where is Cyb3rhq Cloud hosted?
----------------------------

Cyb3rhq Cloud is hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS).

What is a profile?
------------------

A profile refers to predefined settings available for configuring your Cyb3rhq Cloud environment. We offer three profiles: Small, Medium, and Large. They provide ready-to-use environment templates that cater to different needs and requirements. If none of these predefined profiles meet your specific requirements, you can configure your settings individually.

What is a setting?
------------------

In the context of Cyb3rhq Cloud, a setting  refers to each configuration option available for a cloud environment. These settings determine the limitations and functionalities of an environment. For example, the "Active Agents" setting specifies the maximum number of active agents allowed in your environment. Note that the settings chosen for an environment directly impact its pricing, as they affect the resources allocated and functionalities available.

What is the indexed data?
-------------------------

The indexed data, previously known as hot storage, includes the data available on the Cyb3rhq dashboard, which corresponds to the information Cyb3rhq indexed. This information becomes searchable and analyzable as soon as Cyb3rhq ingests and indexes the events sent by the agents.

What is the archive data?
--------------------------

The data generated by Cyb3rhq is archive in an AWS S3 bucket for long-term storage purposes. Unlike the indexed data, this archive data is not searchable or analyzable. It simply consists of a collection of compressed files. For more information, please see the :ref:`Archive data <cloud_archive_data_access>` section.

What is a tier?
---------------

The concept of a tier, which represents the size limitation, in bytes, of the indexed data (formerly known as hot storage), is no longer used. It has been replaced by the *indexed data capacity* setting.

What happens if the tier limit is reached?
------------------------------------------

See :ref:`What happens if the indexed data capacity setting is reached? <cloud_starting_faq_data_reached>`.

.. _cloud_starting_faq_data_reached:

What happens if the indexed data capacity setting is reached?
-------------------------------------------------------------

When the selected **indexed data capacity** is reached, the oldest events will be automatically removed from your index regardless of the **index data time**. This data is available in archive data for you to access. See the :ref:`Archive data <cloud_archive_data_access>` section to learn more about data logging and storage.

How is indexed data rotated?
----------------------------

Data rotation is determined by two conditions: the indexed data retention and the indexed data capacity. For instance, if you have set a 3-month indexed data retention and a 100GB indexed data capacity, and you consume the entire 100GB within the first month, the data will start rotating. Similarly, even if you have not utilized all 100GB, the data from the first month will be rotated by the fourth month if only 20GB is used.

What happens if the average/peak EPS is exceeded?
----------------------------------------------------

If you send more events per second than allowed by the **average/peak EPS** setting, events start queuing, and if the queue becomes full, the incoming events will be discarded, which may lead to potential event loss.

Can I cancel at any time?
-------------------------

Yes, you can cancel at any time with no penalty. You can keep using your environment until the end of your :doc:`current billing cycle </cloud-service/account-billing/billing-history>`, and no future charges are incurred after this period.
